From Tom Hanks and Denzel Washington to Sidney Poitier and Brendan Fraser, a list of every man who has ever won the Best Actor award at the OscarsNicholson's performance as Melvin Udall in As Good As It Gets won him his second Best Actor award — and third overall Oscar including his Best Actor in a Supporting Role in 1984 for his performance in Terms of Endearment. Rush took him the award in 1997 for his role as piano prodigy David Helfgott in Shine. Cage won the award for Best Actor for his portrayal of Ben Sanderson in the film adaptation of the novel of the same name, Leaving Las Vegas. Hanks won back-to-back awards in the category, first for his role in 1993's Philadelphia and second for his role as the titular character in Forrest Gump. Hanks won back-to-back awards in the category, first for his role in 1993's Philadelphia and second for his role as the titular character in Forrest Gump. Tom Hanks. Steve Starr/Corbis/Getty · Hanks took home his first Oscar in 1994 for his portrayal of Andrew Beckett in Philadelphia. Pacino won his sole Oscar in 1993 for his performance in Scent of a Woman as Lt. Pacino won his sole Oscar in 1993 for his performance in Scent of a Woman as Lt. Colonel Frank Slade, a veteran who unbeknownst to his caretaking niece, persuades a young man she's hired to look after him to drive him to New York City. Portraying the psychopathic killer Hannibal Lecter, Hopkins' performance in The Silence of the Lambs won him the award in 1992. The actor is currently filming the movie's sequel, Joker: Folie à Deux. Malek's performance as Freddie Mercury in the biographical Bohemian Rhapsody, about Queen's rise to stardom, won him the award in 2019. Gary Oldman. Rob Latour/REX/Shutterstock · Oldman took home the award in 2018 for his role as Winston Churchill in Darkest Hour. Affleck won the Best Actor title in 2017 for his performance as Lee Chandler in Manchester by the Sea. More than two decades after his first Oscar nomination, DiCaprio took home the award for Best Actor for his role as frontiersman Hugh Glass in The Revenant in 2016.