In “Person, Place, and Time,” she asks: “Why do we always think history is full of stops and starts? The future is only the past turned around to look at itself” (65). Indeed, though this collection concentrates in large part on narrating the trajectory of Howe’s life to date, its ...In “Person, Place, and Time,” she asks: “Why do we always think history is full of stops and starts? The future is only the past turned around to look at itself” (65). Indeed, though this collection concentrates in large part on narrating the trajectory of Howe’s life to date, its momentum is very definitely toward the future—which can otherwise be understood, it seems, as the continued generative openness granted by the present. Fanny Howe is one these voices. Inspired, no doubt, by the two major influences (literary and political) on her early life, Howe sought, and continues to seek, a way of living in the world that can be both contemplative and active—that can sincerely pursue and explore, that is, both the practical realities of a subjective “fixed identity” as well as the more abstract “Reality” of God. Indeed, though this collection concentrates in large part on narrating the trajectory of Howe’s life to date, its momentum is very definitely toward the future—which can otherwise be understood, it seems, as the continued generative openness granted by the present. By reversing our traditional conception of time (the future arriving from the present, arriving from the past) Howe delineates a concept of the future that contains the past but refuses to be contained by it, a present that is liberated from the confines of either the known past (“its condition in stages”) or expected future (“its pending annihilation”) (22), without disavowing the constitutive power of either. The founder of The Poet’s Theatre, Howe’s mother often held rehearsals at home—and from time to time even called upon both Fanny and her older sister, the poet Susan Howe, to perform. This early influence on Howe’s developing private and public persona is explored alongside the sometimes seemingly divergent influence of her father’s social and political concerns.