Similarly, Chris Ward described ... crime movie you have ever seen&#x27;. In his review of the film, which he gave a B−, Jim McLellan stated that British entries in the geezer action genre range from the serious Harry Brown to the silly Cockneys vs Zombies. In McLellan&#x27;s view, Renegades sits somewhere ...Similarly, Chris Ward described the film as 'a very enjoyable movie' and stated that it was a 'mash-up of Expendables, Death Wish and every Cockney geezer crime movie you have ever seen'. In his review of the film, which he gave a B−, Jim McLellan stated that British entries in the geezer action genre range from the serious Harry Brown to the silly Cockneys vs Zombies. In McLellan's view, Renegades sits somewhere between those two. In McLellan's view, Renegades sits somewhere between those two. McLellan commented that the influence of Guy Ritchie on the film was 'palpable', but it lacked 'the same amount of charm' as Ritchie's films. However, McLellan stated that Ian Ogilvy was 'an honourable exception' in this respect and demonstrated 'exactly why he was a leading contender in the eighties to succeed Roger Moore in wearing the Bond tuxedo'. Renegades is a 2022 British crime action thriller film directed by Daniel Zirilli, starring Nick Moran, Lee Majors, Ian Ogilvy, Louis Mandylor, Michael Paré, Danny Trejo, Patsy Kensit and Billy Murray. When a retired Green beret soldier is murdered by an international drug gang in London, four of his veteran SAS comrades set out to avenge him, dispensing their own brand of justice on the streets of London. Felperin criticised the dialogue within the film which, in their view, sounded 'as if it was written by one of those newfangled AI chatbots, or maybe an actual human being who aspires to write as well as an AI chatbot but is not there yet'. In contrast, a reviewer for IndieWrap stated that the film was 'marked by high stakes, gory shootouts and spectacular explosions' and was 'a highly engaging and spectacularly entertaining action film that succeeds in more ways than one'. Similarly, Chris Ward described the film as 'a very enjoyable movie' and stated that it was a 'mash-up of Expendables, Death Wish and every Cockney geezer crime movie you have ever seen'. The film has received mixed reviews. Leslie Felperin, reviewing the film for The Guardian, gave it two out of five stars. Felperin stated that the fim 'belatedly cashes in on the 2010s trend for “geri-action” films' and resembled American fisticuff- and gunfire-packed thrillers such as the Red and Expendables franchises, which were also built around former big-name actors supplementing their pension schemes.