The Academy Award for Best Visual Effects is an Academy Award that recognizes the finest or most outstanding visual effects in film. The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences first recognized the technical contributions of special effects to movies at its inaugural dinner in 1928, presenting ...The Academy Award for Best Visual Effects is an Academy Award that recognizes the finest or most outstanding visual effects in film. The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences first recognized the technical contributions of special effects to movies at its inaugural dinner in 1928, presenting a plaque for Best Engineering Effects to the first Best Picture Oscar winner, the World War I flying drama Wings. The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences first recognized the technical contributions of special effects to movies at its inaugural dinner in 1928, presenting a plaque for Best Engineering Effects to the first Best Picture Oscar winner, the World War I flying drama Wings. Producer David O. Selznick, then production head at RKO Studios, petitioned the Academy Board of Governors to recognize the work of animator Willis O'Brien for his groundbreaking work on 1933's King Kong (1933). But it was not until 1938 when a film was actually recognized for its effects work, when a "Special Achievement Award for Special Effects" was given to the Paramount film Spawn of the North. Special Achievement Academy Award — Return of the Jedi — Richard Edlund, Dennis Muren, Ken Ralston, Phil Tippett ... Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom — Dennis Muren, Michael McAlister, Lorne Peterson, George Gibbs ... Predator — Joel Hynek, Robert M. Greenberg, Richard Greenberg, Stan Winston ... Special Achievement Academy Award — Total Recall — Eric Brevig, Rob Bottin, Tim McGovern, Alex Funke But it was not until 1938 when a film was actually recognized for its effects work, when a "Special Achievement Award for Special Effects" was given to the Paramount film Spawn of the North. The following year, Best Special Effects became a recognized category, although on occasion the Academy has chosen to honor a single film outright rather than nominate two or more films.