In December 2018, Malik released his second album, &quot;Icarus Falls.&quot; The disc includes collaborations with fellow industry moguls like Sia and Nicki Minaj. Over the past few years, the singer has also famously ripped apart One Direction&#x27;s music, even saying he did not make any life-long friends during his time in the band. He and model Gigi Hadid welcomed their first ...In December 2018, Malik released his second album, "Icarus Falls." The disc includes collaborations with fellow industry moguls like Sia and Nicki Minaj. Over the past few years, the singer has also famously ripped apart One Direction's music, even saying he did not make any life-long friends during his time in the band. He and model Gigi Hadid welcomed their first child in 2020. Over the past few years, the singer has also famously ripped apart One Direction's music, even saying he did not make any life-long friends during his time in the band. He and model Gigi Hadid welcomed their first child in 2020. The musician dropped his third studio album, "Nobody Is Listening," in 2021. Recently, he released his latest single "Love Like This."  ... Louis Tomlinson is the oldest member of One Direction. Niall, Harry, Liam and Louis will continue as a four-piece and look forward to the forthcoming concerts of their world tour and recording their fifth album, due to be released later this year," read the announcement from the official One Direction Facebook page. In January 2016, less than a year after his departure from 1D, Malik released his first solo album, an alternative R&B record called "Mind of Mine." He and model Gigi Hadid welcomed their first child in 2020. The musician dropped his third studio album, "Nobody Is Listening," in 2021. Recently, he released his latest single "Love Like This."  ... Louis Tomlinson is the oldest member of One Direction. Shirlaine Forrest/WireImage/Getty · The Doncaster, England, native is the oldest member of One Direction and he auditioned for "The X Factor" when he was 18.