From French comics to Method-acting chameleons — our updated list ranking all of the Best Actor Oscar-Winners since 2000 from best to worst.On March 10th, five men will square off at the Academy Awards for Best Actor — only one of them is walking away with the gold. The past two decades have seen a wide variety of performers claim this particular prize, everyone from French comic actors to veteran American stars, newcomers to established Hollywood names resurrecting their careers. Some of those performances already seem guaranteed to stand the test of time. Others … well, nobody’s perfect, especially Oscar voters, who often pick their winners for reasons that are unfathomable to the rest of us. From French comics to Method-acting chameleons — ranking all of the Best Actor Oscar-Winners since 2000, from best to worst. Ron Galella/Getty, Jeffrey Mayer/Getty, Vince Bucci/Getty · On March 10th, five men will square off at the Academy Awards for Best Actor — only one of them is walking away with the gold. The past two decades have seen a wide variety of performers claim this particular prize, everyone from French comic actors to veteran American stars, newcomers to established Hollywood names resurrecting their careers. Some of those performances already seem guaranteed to stand the test of time. Others … well, nobody’s perfect, especially Oscar voters, who often pick their winners for reasons that are unfathomable to the rest of us. So in honor of the 96th annual Academy Awards, we wanted to look back at the Best Actor champs of the 21st century to date, ranking them in order of greatness. To watch someone who’s often stayed far away from mainstream Hollywood give such a big, bold performance in a studio blockbuster is to be reminded that idiosyncratic talents can make pop art and not sully themselves in the process. Heath Ledger will forever be most everyone’s ideal Joker — unknowable, terrifying, endlessly fascinating — but Phoenix conveys all the pain that turns an ordinary man into a supervillain. ... Perhaps the biggest Oscar upset since Moonlight took down La La Land, Anthony Hopkins’ second Academy Award came 29 years after his first, the voters choosing his aging patriarch battling dementia over the late Chadwick Boseman as a cocky musician in Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom.