Check out our retro review with some fun facts about Leprechaun: Back 2 tha Hood, the last installment to star Warwick Davis.What was the point in returning to a place that had already kicked his ass once? Check out this retro and find out why. I also found some cool facts and other juicy bits from Leprechaun: Back 2 tha Hood. Read on to find out more! In 2003, Steven Ayromlooi brought us the direct to video 6th part of the beloved Leprechaun franchise called Leprechaun: Back 2 tha Hood. It has a 25% rotten rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 3.9 out of 10 on IMDb.com. In Entertainment Weekly’s article titled “25 Worst Sequel Ever Made,” this one was ranked as being the third worst sequel of all time! Yes, I said 7 – I am not counting the atrocity that was Leprechaun Origins. Although, in my humble opinion, they should rename Leprechaun: Back 2 tha Hood to Leprechaun: Back on tha Shelf. ... Tags Holiday Slasher Leprechaun Series Leprechaun: Back 2 tha Hood st. patrick's day Steven Ayromlooi Warwick Davis · Lacy Lou has had a love for horror movies pretty much since birth! He took us all around the world from a small town to LA to Las Vegas to the hood and finally… back to the ‘hood again in Leprechaun: Back 2 tha Hood. What was the point in returning to a place that had already kicked his ass once? Check out this retro and find out why. I also found some cool facts and other juicy bits from Leprechaun: Back 2 tha Hood. Read on to find out more! Originally, the script was supposed to have taken place on a tropical island during spring break but due to the requests of the executives at Lions Gate, they wanted the director to take him back to the ‘hood. I don’t know about you, but I’d like to say, “What the fuck, Lions Gate?” · This film did drum up some controversies. In one scene in particular, the Leprechaun takes on two cops and the real life news had a hay day saying it supported police brutality. Give me a break…It’s a movie. Instead of using a certain derogatory term, they changed it to “Ninjas.” Thanks for ruining the word ninjas for me, Leprechaun: Back 2 tha Hood!