Twenty One Pilots are now only sitting behind Imagine Dragons.The band first reached the Hot Rock Songs’ top 10 in April 2015 with “Fairly Local” and since then they’ve managed an incredible winning streak that few acts can match on any Billboard chart. They landed a pair of top 10s in 2015, four in 2016 (including all three of their No. smashes on the list), a single placement in 2017, and three appearances inside the uppermost arena in both 2018 and 2019.  · Twenty One Pilots may be able to inch closer to Imagine Dragons’ record, but only if they share new tunes before the latter group. Twenty One Pilots have now charted 14 top 10 hits on the Hot Rock Songs chart, according to Billboard. Until “Level of Concern” appeared on the list, the duo was tied with Coldplay, as both acts had scored a lucky 13 top 10 placements throughout their years together. Now, Twenty One Pilots has passed the British favorites, although they may be able to add to their total whenever they deliver something new. Steady in a fairly distant first place on the ranking of the rock acts that have landed the most top 10 hits is Imagine Dragons. Steady in a fairly distant first place on the ranking of the rock acts that have landed the most top 10 hits is Imagine Dragons. The four-piece have gathered together 18 top 10s, and that sum is bound to climb once again whenever they produce a new single, as it seems like everything the band releases goes straight toward the peak. “Level of Concern” appears to be a standalone single by Twenty One Pilots which was created during, and inspired by, the coronavirus outbreak.  ... The band first reached the Hot Rock Songs’ top 10 in April 2015 with “Fairly Local” and since then they’ve managed an incredible winning streak that few acts can match on any Billboard chart. Last week, Twenty One Pilots debuted their new single “Level of Concern” at No. 2 on Billboard’s Hot Rock Songs chart, which ranks the most-consumed tracks labeled “rock” based on sales, streaming and radio airplay data. The tune is just the latest big win from the pair, who have established themselves as one of the most successful names in the genre in just a few years, based on how many times they’ve reached the uppermost tier on the rock tally.