Jordan and Pippen are members of the Chicago Bulls team who won three consecutive championships twice in the 1990s. Magic Johnson won five championships with the Los Angeles Lakers in the 1980s, Kobe Bryant won five championships with the Lakers between 2000 and 2010, and Dennis Rodman won five championships (two with the Detroit Pistons and three with the Chicago Bulls). As of 2020, Robert Horry, John Salley, LeBron ...Jordan and Pippen are members of the Chicago Bulls team who won three consecutive championships twice in the 1990s. Magic Johnson won five championships with the Los Angeles Lakers in the 1980s, Kobe Bryant won five championships with the Lakers between 2000 and 2010, and Dennis Rodman won five championships (two with the Detroit Pistons and three with the Chicago Bulls). As of 2020, Robert Horry, John Salley, LeBron James and Danny Green are the only players to have won championships with three different teams. As of 2020, Robert Horry, John Salley, LeBron James and Danny Green are the only players to have won championships with three different teams. Horry won seven championships: two with the Houston Rockets, three with the Los Angeles Lakers and another two with San Antonio Spurs. Salley's four NBA titles came via two championships with the Detroit Pistons and one each with the Bulls and the Lakers. Horry is also the only non-Celtic to win more than six times. George Mikan won two championships in the NBL before it merged with the BAA to form the NBA and then won five championships in the NBA. Four players, Bob Cousy, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen, won six championships each. Jordan and Pippen are members of the Chicago Bulls team who won three consecutive championships twice in the 1990s. Four players, Bob Cousy, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen, won six championships each. Jordan and Pippen are members of the Chicago Bulls team who won three consecutive championships twice in the 1990s. Magic Johnson won five championships with the Los Angeles Lakers in the 1980s, Kobe Bryant won five championships with the Lakers between 2000 and 2010, and Dennis Rodman won five championships (two with the Detroit Pistons and three with the Chicago Bulls). However, in some rare occasions, the teams opted to give other commemorative items, such as wrist watches, instead of rings. The number of championships won by NBA superstars is often used as a measurement of their greatness. Though this has been subject to criticism and debate with some arguing that is a misconception and that championships matter less overall in the measure of a player’s greatness as many great players have played on teams that were considered weak or failed to meet the status of a contender despite having a great player.