In 2011, Mars recorded &quot;It Will ... singles, including &quot;Young, Wild &amp; Free&quot; by Snoop Dogg and Wiz Khalifa, which was certified six times platinum by the RIAA. Mars&#x27;s second album, Unorthodox Jukebox (2012), reached number one in the US, Australia, Canada, Switzerland, and the UK. The album&#x27;s first two singles, &quot;Locked Out of Heaven&quot;, certified diamond by the RIAA and seven times by ARIA, and &quot;When I Was Your Man&quot;, certified ...In 2011, Mars recorded "It Will Rain" for the soundtrack of The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn – Part 1 and appeared on a number of collaborative singles, including "Young, Wild & Free" by Snoop Dogg and Wiz Khalifa, which was certified six times platinum by the RIAA. Mars's second album, Unorthodox Jukebox (2012), reached number one in the US, Australia, Canada, Switzerland, and the UK. The album's first two singles, "Locked Out of Heaven", certified diamond by the RIAA and seven times by ARIA, and "When I Was Your Man", certified eleven times platinum by the RIAA, six times platinum by ARIA and nine times platinum by MC, topped the Billboard Hot 100. Mars's second album, Unorthodox Jukebox (2012), reached number one in the US, Australia, Canada, Switzerland, and the UK. The album's first two singles, "Locked Out of Heaven", certified diamond by the RIAA and seven times by ARIA, and "When I Was Your Man", certified eleven times platinum by the RIAA, six times platinum by ARIA and nine times platinum by MC, topped the Billboard Hot 100. In 2014, Mars provided vocals on Mark Ronson's "Uptown Funk", which topped the US, Australia, Canada, New Zealand and UK music charts. He was only credited upon the release of Jaeson Ma's album Glory. ... ^ Bruno Mars was credit as a featured artist on the first release of "Can't Come Back to Me" in 2012. In 2016, the song was included on Layzie Bone's Mo Thug Boss with Mars's vocals not credited. Six of his singles are among the best-selling singles of all time: in order of release date, "Just the Way You Are", "Grenade", "The Lazy Song", "When I Was Your Man", "Uptown Funk" and "That's What I Like". According to the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), he has sold 91.5 million copies in the United States. His first two albums have sold 5.04 million copies in the US alone. In 2012, Mars was named 2011's best selling music artist worldwide. In 2022, he became the first artist to receive six diamond certified songs in the United States. American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars has released three studio albums, one collaborative studio album, one EP, 32 singles (seven as a featured artist) and four promotional singles. With estimated sales of over 26 million albums and 200 million singles worldwide, Mars is one of the best-selling ...