Peter Gene Hernandez (born October 8, 1985), better known as Bruno Mars, is an American pop/R&amp;B singer/songwriter noted for his throwbacks to various pop music genres. After bursting onto the scene with his song &quot;Nothin&#x27; on You&quot; (2010) with …Peter Gene Hernandez (born October 8, 1985), better known as Bruno Mars, is an American pop/R&B singer/songwriter noted for his throwbacks to various … On February 25, 2021, after a 4-year hiatus since his album 24K Magic, he and Anderson .Paak announced that they were forming a superduo named Silk Sonic; their first song, "Leave the Door Open", released on March 5, 2021. In a surprise, their first album, An Evening With Silk Sonic, which was originally scheduled for January 2022, came out on November 12, 2021 due to fan demand. ... Singles: "Just the Way You Are", "Grenade", "The Lazy Song", "Talking to the Moon", "Marry You", "Count On Me". ... Singles: "Locked Out of Heaven", "When I Was Your Man", "Treasure", "Gorilla", "Young Girls". On the other hand there's B.o.B. and Cee Lo Green in "The Other Side", and Damian Marley in "Liquor Store Blues". Dance Sensation: In "The Lazy Song" he mentions "learning how to Dougie". Decade-Themed Filter: Three of his music videos such as "Locked Out of Heaven", "Treasure", and "When I Was Your Man" were rendered into late 1970s style videos up to the video quality and all. Department of Redundancy Department: Most songs by the aforementioned Silk Sonic (and by most, we mean one) are credited to Silk Sonic, Bruno Mars, and Anderson ..paak. In the Style of: The general consensus is that "Locked Out of Heaven" is extremely influenced by the sound of The Police, particularly "Message in a Bottle" and "Roxanne". Bruno himself admitted that when he was initially writing the song, the key it was in made him sing in a sufficiently high register to resemble Sting, and he then decided to play up the similarity and record it as an homage to The Police. I Want My Beloved to Be Happy: The end of "When I Was Your Man".