Mars also worked with Michael Leonhart on three songs for the album, including on an unreleased version of &quot;Locked Out of Heaven&quot;. By the end of September 2012, the singer was reportedly &quot;fine-tuning&quot; the mixing of a track until 5 a.m. with Manny Marroquin, mainly because of his disappointment ...Mars also worked with Michael Leonhart on three songs for the album, including on an unreleased version of "Locked Out of Heaven". By the end of September 2012, the singer was reportedly "fine-tuning" the mixing of a track until 5 a.m. with Manny Marroquin, mainly because of his disappointment with "It Will Rain"'s final mix. Starting with mid-October, the Smeezingtons were making the final touches on the album at Levcon Studios (their studio); Ari Levine sent a few tracks over e-mail with their final mixes to Mars, who was still in Manhattan after hosting Saturday Night Live. Four days later, a DVD edition that included the music videos for the first three singles of Unorthodox Jukebox was released in Japan along with the deluxe edition of the album. Mars performed "Locked Out of Heaven" and "Young Girls" for the first time on Saturday Night Live on October 20, 2012, while receiving positive reaction from critics and the audience. Afterwards, he sang the same songs on November 7, 2012, at the 2012 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show; the performance later aired on December 4, 2012, on CBS. Subsequently, "Moonshine" and "When I Was Your Man" were released as the last promotional singles on November 19, 2012, and December 3, 2012, respectively. On the next day, Unorthodox Jukebox was made available to listen to in its entirety for a week before its release. On October 15, 2012, the album was made available for pre-order worldwide via Mars's official site, offering different options to purchase including an immediate MP3 download of "Locked Out of Heaven", the standard CD or digital release, the deluxe bundle (which included the record's physical issue, a T-shirt, and an ultimate bundle packaged similarly to the deluxe edition that featured an autographed screen print poster limited for the first 300 orders), and a key necklace for the single. The album was officially released on December 7, 2012. A year later, on November 5, 2013, the deluxe edition of the record was made available for consumption worldwide with a different cover artwork. Four days later, a DVD edition that included the music videos for the first three singles of Unorthodox Jukebox was released in Japan along with the deluxe edition of the album. Mars performed "Locked Out of Heaven" and "Young Girls" for the first time on Saturday Night Live on October 20, 2012, while receiving positive reaction from critics and the audience. Unorthodox Jukebox is the second studio album by American singer and songwriter Bruno Mars. It was released on December 7, 2012, by Atlantic Records and was made available to listen to in its entirety for a week before its release. It serves as the follow-up to Mars's debut record Doo-Wops ...