He achieved his first pole position ... in F1. He led the race until lap 16, where he pitted after coming under pressure from a potential undercut from Leclerc in 2nd. A crash from Nicholas Latifi on the same lap meant that the safety car was brought out, allowing Leclerc, Verstappen and Sainz to make a pitstop and keep track position, demoting Perez to 4th place, ...He achieved his first pole position at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, on his 215th race start in Formula 1; therefore breaking the record for most races before a first pole position and also becoming the first Mexican driver to achieve a pole position in F1. He led the race until lap 16, where he pitted after coming under pressure from a potential undercut from Leclerc in 2nd. A crash from Nicholas Latifi on the same lap meant that the safety car was brought out, allowing Leclerc, Verstappen and Sainz to make a pitstop and keep track position, demoting Perez to 4th place, where he would finish the race. At the Spanish Grand Prix, Pérez qualified 5th, citing not driving the car in FP1, where he was replaced by Jüri Vips. He overtook Carlos Sainz Jr. at the start and later fought with George Russell for third place, which turned into a battle for second after teammate Max Verstappen went wide. He overtook Carlos Sainz Jr. at the start and later fought with George Russell for third place, which turned into a battle for second after teammate Max Verstappen went wide. Pérez was unable to overtake Russell so he let Verstappen through, who too was unable to overtake Russell due to an issue with his DRS. The race started in wet conditions with everyone on the full wet tyres. On Lap 17, Pérez pitted onto intermediate tyres from third place, later taking the lead on Lap 22 after Sainz pitted. Pérez pit the same lap for the slick hard tyres, and still emerged in the lead after a good out-lap. On Lap 17, Pérez pitted onto intermediate tyres from third place, later taking the lead on Lap 22 after Sainz pitted. Pérez pit the same lap for the slick hard tyres, and still emerged in the lead after a good out-lap. After a red flag, Pérez restarted the race on medium tyres.