XXL listed it among the best hip hop songs of the year. Carl Lamare of Billboard said that the song &quot;is mandatorily catchy. CB has very few misses in his catalog when it comes to penning sing-songy hooks, and he accomplished that same mission when whipping up &#x27;Go Crazy&#x27;.Carl Lamare of Billboard said that the song "is mandatorily catchy. CB has very few misses in his catalog when it comes to penning sing-songy hooks, and he accomplished that same mission when whipping up 'Go Crazy'. Thug plays the perfect partner, too, matching his melodic intensity with an action-packed verse of his own". Kenan Draughorne of HipHopDX called "Go Crazy" "the album's best song, cleverly sampling The Showboys' iconic 'Drag Rap' to complement the free-ranging sonics". HipHopDX also named it one of the best R&B songs of 2020, writing: "'Go Crazy' is 2010s kid's dream song. HipHopDX also named it one of the best R&B songs of 2020, writing: "'Go Crazy' is 2010s kid's dream song. From Breezy's signature sweet falsetto coupled with Thugger's squeaking slime language, to the sample of The Show Boys' 'Drag Rap' (also found in T.I. and Lil Wayne's 'Ball'), 'Go Crazy' is a time capsule track catering to the strengths of two of the most renowned hitmakers of the last decade". The song is a trap-infused R&B record, with production that samples the Showboys's 1986 single "Drag Rap", for which the Showboys are credited as writers. The official remix of the song was released on February 19, 2021, and features fellow American rappers Future, Lil Durk, and Latto. "Go Crazy" garnered positive reviews from music critics, who complimented its production and the duo's delivery, being considered by some as the mixtape's best song. "Go Crazy" is a song by American singer-songwriter Chris Brown and American rapper Young Thug, from their collaborative mixtape Slime & B, released on May 5, 2020. After it became the only charting song from the mixtape, it was officially released as a single on May 19, 2020.