Tiger Shark Galeocerdo cuvier Tiger sharks are named for their distinctive color pattern. The body is gray with dark gray vertical bars or spots on the flanks with a pale or white underside. The markings are especially distinctive in juveniles but diminish with age. Tiger sharks are among thTiger sharks are named for their distinctive color pattern. The body is gray with dark gray vertical bars or spots on the flanks with a pale or white underside. The markings are especially distinctive in juveniles but diminish with age. Tiger sharks are among the largest of the sharks and are recorded up to 550 cm (18 ft) long. Tiger sharks are among the largest of the sharks and are recorded up to 550 cm (18 ft) long. They are known to eat most marine animals, sea birds, the occasional terrestrial animal and even garbage encountered floating at sea. Despite being a large slow-moving shark, it is a highly effective ambush predator that deploys short bursts of speed to secure its prey (Simpfendorfer 2009). Fun Fact: Tiger sharks, bull sharks, and white sharks are commonly referred to as “The Big Three” for their involvement in shark attacks. These species are readily identified by the victims and witnesses. In cases involving smaller requiem sharks, the species involved are seldom identified as they are harder to tell apart. Africaans: Tierhaai Arabic: Jarjur, Jarjur knaza Creole: Requin tigre Dutch: Tijgerhaai English: Tiger shark, leopard shark, maneater shark, and spotted shark Fijian: Qio saga Finnish: Tiikerihai French: Mangeur d’hommes, Requin demoiselle, Requin tigre commun, Requin-tigre German: Tigerhai Gujarati: Bhoavar Greek: Carcharias Hawaiian: Mano pa’ele Icelandic: Tígrisháfur Italian: Squalo tigre Japanese: Itachizame Kannada: Pilithatte Kiribati: Te babatababa Malay: Cucut macan Malayalam: Pulli sravu Maori: Mgutukao Polish: Zarlacz tygrysi Portuguese: Cação cabeça-chata, Jaguara, Marracho tigre, Tigre, Tintureira Rapa: Ma`o patapata Samoan: Naiufi Spanish: Alecrin, Amarillo, Cabron, Tiburón tigre, Tintorera Swahili: Amzani Tagalog: Pating Tamil: Wulluven sorrah Tahitian: Ma’o tore tore Telugu: Kethulam