The song has been featured in several films, most notably the 1996 films Bottle Rocket and Sleepers. It appeared at the close of the 2009 British comedy movie Bunny and the Bull, playing as the lead character finally breaks free of his obsessions. Alone Again Or was also featured in the climactic parade scene ending the last episode of season one of the 2019 Netflix series Russian Doll. &quot;Alone Again Or&quot; was released ...The song has been featured in several films, most notably the 1996 films Bottle Rocket and Sleepers. It appeared at the close of the 2009 British comedy movie Bunny and the Bull, playing as the lead character finally breaks free of his obsessions. Alone Again Or was also featured in the climactic parade scene ending the last episode of season one of the 2019 Netflix series Russian Doll. "Alone Again Or" was released as a single by English rock band the Damned on 6 April 1987 by MCA Records. To make matters worse Arthur changed the title of Bryan's song. That was basically the beginning of the end for the group. With Lee now on co-lead vocals, "Alone Again Or" became the opening track of Forever Changes. It was the sole single released from the album to reach the Billboard singles chart. Its 1968 B-side was Lee's "A House Is Not a Motel", although the 1970 reissue of the single featured "Good Times" from the 1969 Four Sail album instead. MacLean later said, "That was the happiest I ever was with anything we ever did as a band - the orchestral arrangement of that song". However, Botnick, with co-producer and band leader Arthur Lee, remixed the track to bring Lee's own unison vocal to the forefront of the song, at least partly on the grounds that MacLean's own vocal lead was too weak. Lee also added to the mystery of the song by changing the title to "Alone Again Or". The essence of the song is the contrast between the positivity of the tune and the bleakness of the lyrics, with the chorus "And I will be alone again tonight, my dear" finishing with a lone acoustic guitar, closing the song with the opening melody that sounds anything but ecstatic, ending with an E minor plus 2 chord. For the recording session, which took place on September 10, 1967 at Sunset Sound Recorders in Hollywood, arranger David Angel worked with MacLean, adding a string section and a horn part. MacLean later said, "That was the happiest I ever was with anything we ever did as a band - the orchestral arrangement of that song". 436 in the Rolling Stone 500 Greatest Songs of All Time poll. In the magazine's 2010 version, the song ranked at No. 442. The song has been featured in several films, most notably the 1996 films Bottle Rocket and Sleepers. It appeared at the close of the 2009 British comedy movie Bunny and the Bull, playing as the lead character finally breaks free of his obsessions. Alone Again Or was also featured in the climactic parade scene ending the last episode of season one of the 2019 Netflix series Russian Doll.